Lin Niannian, you still have the face to return to the company
Of course he's coming back.
After all, it was his nanny mother kneeling on the ground
Ask for a chance?
Hahaha
I have to endure for my mother's medical expenses
Annual Design Competition Champion Prize
Is my only chance
Yeah.
Nanny's daughter
Often wins places in design competitions
It's ridiculous
Your nanny
It's just a compliment for your talent
Are you serious?
What blueprints can an inferior person draw?
What are you arguing about?
I'm going to participate in the selection of the design competition this afternoon
Are you all done?
Director, it's not that we don't want to draw
It's the nanny's daughter who's been making trouble
How do we draw?
Yeah.
Yesterday, Lin Niannian's nanny mother vomited blood and fainted
Maybe something is wrong.
In case it is transmitted to us through Lin Niannian
Not good
If I ask you to finish drawing this blueprint
My plagiarism will be exposed
Lin Nian Nian, is this your position?
Go and clean up